[ZT] HTTP error logging (#8074)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/analytics/logs/gateway-logs/_index.md

| **URL**                      | Full URL of the HTTP request.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **Referer**                  | Referer request header containing the address of the page making the request.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **HTTP Version**             | HTTP version of the origin that Gateway connected to on behalf of the user.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

> | **HTTP Method**              | HTTP method used for the request (e.g., GET, POST, etc.).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **HTTP Method**              | HTTP method used for the request (for example, `GET` or `POST`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```
